Add declarativeNetRequest (#22644)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/declarativenetrequest/urltransform/index.md

- `path` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A `string`. The new path for the request. If empty, the existing path is cleared.
- `port` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A `string`. The new port for the request. If empty, the existing port is cleared.
- `query` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A `string`. The new query for the request. Should be either empty, in which case the existing query is cleared; or should begin with '?'.
- `queryTransform` {{optional_inline}}

  - : An object describing how to add, remove, or replace query key-value pairs.
    - `addOrReplaceParams` {{optional_inline}}

      - : An object describing the list of query key-value pairs to be added or replaced.
        - `key` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A `string`. The key value.
        - `replaceOnly` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A `boolean`. If true, the query key is replaced only if it's already present. Otherwise, the key is also added if it's missing. Defaults to false.
        - `value` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A `string`. The value value.

    - `removeParams` {{optional_inline}}
      - : A `string`. The list of query keys to be removed.

- `scheme` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : A `string`. The new scheme for the request. Allowed values are `"http"`, `"https"`, `"ftp"` and `"chrome-extension"`.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : A `string`. The new scheme for the request. Allowed values are `"http"`, `"https"`, and the scheme of the extension. For example, "moz-extension" in Firefox or "chrome-extension" in Chrome. When the extension scheme is used, the `host` must be specified to generate a meaningful redirection target.
```
